we're celebrating fathers dead this
evening the best way we know how to
celebrate any holiday with what we call
a YouTube challenge every once in a
while I ask our viewers to pull a prank
on their loved one and post it to
YouTube
so we can play in the show this year for
Father's Day I asked you to spray your
dad with the hose and upload it with the
title page in the Kimmel I sprayed my
dad with a hose and once again you've
delivered here are some of our favorites
and to all you dads out there sorry
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah I hey Dad
[Applause]
[Music]
love you dad I love you too thank you
I'm Ken McKim happy Father's Day
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm gonna have to figure out how to pay
for college himself